To complete this assignment, compose responses to the following two-part prompt:

Computer science has a long history of innovation and the spirit of discovery within the field remains strong. For this assignment, you will discuss two emerging trends or developments in computer science. These can be among those described in the module resources or trends that you research.

Choose two trends and write a journal entry that answers the following five questions. Then complete the Status Checkpoints table.

Part One:

    What is the significance of each trend?
    How will each trend change the field of computer science?
    How will each trend change the experience of consumers, workers, or citizens?
    How will each trend fit in with your career interests or aspirations?
    Which course outcomes have you achieved so far, and which ones remain?

Part Two:

Provide an update to your instructor on your progress with each category of artifacts for the ePortfolio:

    Software design and engineering
    Algorithms and data structures
    Databases

Use the following Status Checkpoints table to document your progress in each of your three category enhancements. Complete the table with a report on each category, including its status and some details. For instance, if you are working on the initial enhancement for your work in the databases category, you would briefly note which enhancements you have completed and which are still to come in that cell of the table. Also, note any trouble spots or places where you may need help. An exemplar can be found in the Readings and Resources section of the course.
Status Checkpoints for All Categories
Checkpoint 	Software Design and Engineering 	Algorithms and Data Structures 	Databases
Name of Artifact Used 			
Status of Initial Enhancement 			
Submission Status 			
Status of Final Enhancement 			
Uploaded to ePortfolio 			
Status of Finalized ePortfolio 			
Optional Feedback

Post links to any of the artifacts you are currently polishing for instructor feedback. Mention specific aspects or elements of the artifact that you would like feedback on.

Submit your assignment here. Make sure you’ve included all the required elements by reviewing the guidelines and rubric.
